add per space configuration to custom header banner (#94449)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/banners-settings.asciidoc

|===

| `xpack.banners.placement`

> | Set to `header` to enable the header banner. Defaults to `disabled`.

Reviewer: You'll also need to add documentation about the Banner settings to the [Advanced Settings](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/advanced-options.html) page.

Author: Thanks. WDYT about https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/94449/commits/14c33b6398ea918dfb62fdac9e7c185a3349db52?

> | Set to `top` to enable the top banner. Defaults to `disabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Set to `Top` to display a banner above the Elastic header. Defaults to `disabled`.
```

| `xpack.banners.backgroundColor`
| The color of the banner background. Defaults to `#FFF9E8`.

| `xpack.banners.disableSpaceBanners`
| If true, per-space banner overrides will be disabled. Defaults to `false`.

|===

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Suggest moving the Note re: subscription features above the section titled "General Settings".

Also the sentence requires an ending period:

The banners plugin is a subscription feature.

or could it simply be:

Banners are a subscription feature.
